# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week?
     - This week was pretty fun, I found the content pretty easy to grasp so far. 
- What did you learn as a shock or surprise?
     - I was surprised that I enjoyed my struggles so much. When I first head about that I was a little skeptical, but the feeling of overcoming an issue was a good feeling! I am also surprised that I utilized the TAs as much as I did. In the past I have been someone who has been reluctant to ask for help and I thought it would be a challenge for me to utilize the resources given to me. It has been very easy to ask for help and the concept of failing quickly has been a great reminder.
- What are you struggling with?
    - At the moment I don't really feel like I am struggling with anything. The few times I have utilized the TAs have usually been around a missing div, or something that got out of whack. I imagine that that will continue to be an issue going forward, but I have been trying to see what techniques different TAs use for trouble shooting.
- What would you count as a victory?
    - By the time I left lab on Friday I had met all the requirements for the Week-1 Checkpoint, but I wanted to make the site a look a little better over the weekend and work on hitting the stretch goals. 