# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week?
- What did you learn as a shock or suprise?
- What are you struggling with?
- What would you count as a victory?


This has been a good week overall, the capstone project has been fun so far, but has also had its challenges. I think our team did a really good job making a plan, but there have been times that we have deviated from the plan and that has held us back. We were really wanting to have a mostly functional site by the end of the week, but we are not quite there. We do have functionality and every page is started. I think the biggest thing that we are struggling with is that we have 5 people coding and the small differences in how our code is being written has made it difficult to trouble shoot issues. At times it feels like we should be checking in as a team more often to make sure that any addition we made was done to the liking of the whole team and that everyone understands what was done to make the function work, but that might also slow us down. I am going to push for more of a slow and steady approach for this next week so we can get our ideal product on the page and hopefully work on some stretchy goals for the hackathon. 