# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week?
    - By the time Friday rolled around I was feeling pretty confident and by 4:30 I had hit all of the checkpoint requirements! It was a great feeling to know that all I had left to do over the weekend was styling and going for some stretch goals. 

- What did you learn as a shock or surprise?
    - I think my biggest shock this week was how easy it was to make a small typo and not figure it out! For the checkpoint I had written this.dateCreated = data.date and it took over a half hour working with a T.A. to figure out where I had gone wrong and why my dates were not loading. 

- What are you struggling with?
    - I struggled on both Monday and Wednesday I think theses were the only two days where I wasn't fully grasping the concepts and since everything so far has come fairly easy it was really easy for me to get into a negative head-space. ALl my problems came down to going too fast and not planning out my moves
- What would you count as a victory?
    - I think my biggest victory was completing the checkpoint requirements before leaving on Friday. On that note as well I spent the first hour planning out my project, figuring out what functions I needed, where they needed to go, and making sure that all of my pages were talking to each other correctly. I think this time spent planning and prepping helped me succeeded on this checkpoint!